14in gaming laptops have just exploded
in popularity but even though they're so
small they are a big impact on your
wallet except for ah this one right here
it's a medium big impact on your wallet
here we have the Predator Helios
neo4 it's like the Helios 14 but the Neo
means it's a little bit cheaper which
honestly matters quite a bit in this
segment right now first thing that I'm
noticing fingerprints
they really show up for power we have a
230 W brick which is delivered over a
real old school looking Barrel Jack now
I do wish that they had something that's
a little bit more modern but at the same
time for that kind of power you aren't
going to be able to deliver it
efficiently over USB type c so they
can't just be using that so I guess
Barrel Jack's fine do we have
stickers here we go we've got to do it
it's the rules laptop comes with
stickers they go on the laptop do you
like that real bow no training no enter
heck yeah there we go that's 5 FPS right
there for sure this laptop's clearly
been uh through the review cycle a bit
we are not the first ones with it and
you can tell because it's kind of
mangled back here look at how wavy that
is for a 14-in gaming laptop we do have
quite a solid assortment of IO so on the
right hand side we have a micro SD card
slot USB type-c with display out and
charging usba a and a full-size HDMI
port 2.1 and around on the left we have
the input for our Barrel Jack another
USB type a thunderbolt 4 and a headphone
microphone combo Jack now around the
back and most of the sides we have a
whole lot of heat sink we can see there
all the way to there on the side that's
all heat sink that's all heat sink this
thing better perform really freaking
good cuz that's a lot of heat sink and
I'd be pretty embarrassed if it doesn't
it's not
light it's not super heavy it is 4.29 lb
which is pretty good for something of
this power it does have a 4070 in it and
for the rest of the world that is 1.95
kgs how heavy is this charger though
it's much larger than like the Gallum
nitride ones that we see in some other
guys ooh 6 lb carry weight that's
getting up there for sure once you add
this overall besides the e of
fingerprinting this machine I do think
the build quality is quite High it
appears to be manufactured out of
stamped aluminum and the chassis
rigidity is pretty good it's kind of
soft over here actually I'll take it off
the map for
you not that this area of the keyboard
really matters but it's something to
note now before I turn it on it does
seem like it can be passable enough for
professional environments it isn't too
wild with the gamer design but let's see
what happens once the RGB gets enabled
oh that's a lot I guess you can turn
that off but uh you going to want to
make sure that you turn it off before
you go to your lawyer or whatever sure
the RGB here looks pretty funky and that
is largely because it's only three zones
so we have color color color instead of
each individual key being its own RGB
light which doesn't allow you as much
customization but at the same time it's
one of the things makes the Helios Neo
just a little bit cheaper than the other
one and do you actually want to pay for
individual lighting of your keys maybe
don't buy this then why is my mouse so
big this is hilarious it's almost as
good as the segue to our sponsor private
internet access their VPN network spands
across six continents and 91 countries
letting you access your local catalog of
content from all over the globe plus
with a single subscription you get
unlimited connection making it easy to
run Pia on practically any device they
just concluded their second security
audit putting further emphasis on your
privacy and security if you're still not
convinced they are 100% open source and
you're free to go digging through the
code yourself if you want some peace of
mind so go check out Pia at lm. g/p
shortcircuit or by using the link in the
description for a special deal with a
risk-free 30-day moneyback guarantee all
right let's have a look at our specs
here this thing is the Walmart special
config you can only buy it from Walmart
and it comes with an Intel Core Ultra 7
155h that is 16 cores 22 threads with
that processor you get six performance
cores eight efficiency cores and two low
power efficiency cores and it goes up to
4.8 GHz as for memory we have 16 GB
running at 6,400 megat transfers per
second so may be able to be swapped
although it says row of trips here so
probably not we also have a Samsung nvme
SSD that is at 1 terte killer Wi-Fi 6E
for networking and of course the star of
the show is our RTX 470 from envidia
this only has 8 GB of vram which is
questionably enough these days but it
should be able to get you gaming pretty
good what isn't so good though is the
npu uh all of Acer's marketing material
and every single laptop Maker's
marketing material is AI wow AI so much
of it doesn't meet the in specs
Microsoft's co-pilot plus so uh I don't
know get screwed it's kind of useless
now there are two panel options and we
have unfortunately the worst of the two
but it is still really quite good it's
1600p 120 HZ we have gsync and advanced
Optimus in here and in our testing it
performed really quite well Acer claims
that it's a 350 niip panel but we tested
it at 374 so that's borderline able to
use it outside kind of brightness and
the color accuracy even though the they
said almost nothing about it is quite
good we measured an average Delta e2000
of 1.78 which gives us about enough
color accuracy to be doing professional
color work on this although that said
your Reds will be a little bit saturated
one thing that is completely missing
though is HDR support which makes sense
it just simply does not get bright
enough if this isn't quite enough for
you there is a higher resolution higher
refresh rate display which is presumably
decent but we haven't measured it so
this one right here decent all right
let's have a look at this keyboard here
the first thing um it feels kind of
strange they have a bunch of keys over
on the right here like uh your Predator
sense and your media Keys which shifts
everything over here but your trackpad
is centered so I end up just kind of on
top of it why is there an avatar like
it's like knockoff Master Chief anyway
let's look at the keyboard
this keyboard I'm going to give an
astounding fine there's nothing wrong
with it per se I was able to get up to
full speed pretty quickly I'm not making
many errors but the whole experience is
just not super enjoyable the key travel
is very short we have a lot of kind of
mushy feel like if you look here it
doesn't take very much to flex the
keyboard even though like if I push hard
on it it doesn't go any further but if I
push just just a little bit it moves it
moves a little bit there and that's
enough to kind of make it feel mushy the
key consistency not great like if we
look at this here the J key is kind of
floppy it's easy to move around I can
get that kind of below the chassis
before it actuates whereas K is really
quite a good key K is doing just fine
and that inconsistency is going to make
your typing experience just kind of
worse that said it's acceptable you'll
get used to it you'll just not love it
I'm giving it a
B A flat B not a plus not a minus just a
b still a quick Palmer ejection test
since this is directly under where my
hand
is H the Palmer rejection seems okay
enough you aren't going to get inputs if
you just have your hand on top of it but
it is really easy to click the mouse and
that always clicks the most so try and
avoid that I don't love it that said
though the trackpad itself self is quite
good it isn't particularly large it's a
little bit on the small side but at the
same time it's using up most of the
space that's available I guess all of
this could have moved
up it's good enough it is the sort of
trackpad where when I first started
using it it was not the best I was
having some kind of sticking issues like
if you look here I can kind of get that
right there there's a big
bounce you can get sort of a bounce over
the track pad but once you get your hand
grease on it and all of that nice finger
Lube on there it works just great no
more skipping
around yay gross all right let's see how
this does in rocket League we are
currently screen recording so that will
be a little bit of a performance hit but
at the same time it should be fine
enough and yeah we're getting 160 FPS
easy we are looking at ooh 100 on the
CPU is pretty hot that isn't unheard of
for gaming laptops like this like the
Alienware that we just had was similar
but it's not great that it's just
immediately at 100 it's also just
clearly reading wrong I don't think it's
at 9 GHz we are in our performance mode
right now and we are at about 80 on the
GPU which is where it will start to get
slower but it hasn't yet and also the
fans are
loudish but they aren't crazy like that
alien wear that we had last time that I
guess we're just going to dunk on for a
bit overall though this is quite a good
laptop to play games on from my short
bit of testing right here 120 HZ display
g-sync nice and colorful I'm having a
good time overall the gaming performance
of this thing is quite good Labs tested
it and when you have it in turbo mode
where that 4070 is going up to 125 watts
it was able to beat the Asus G14 and
yeah basically everything all of the
gaming tests this thing right here one
compared to the G14 but with its ryzen
processor the Asus G14 was able to Edge
out in some of our more professional
benchmarks let's give crab r a listen
given our last Acer laptop that we had
in here my expectations are not
high wow that's already on
100 H
[Music]
treble that is comically lacking in
volume
and base and mids and in staging uh I do
want to hear it without this cuz it does
have some down firing
speakers and it's
still yeah those are abysmal we're going
to compare to a MacBook Pro 14 Ju Just
for a second so you can really hear just
how butt sounding these are
[Music]
wow yeah Acer fix it oh my God webcam it
looks fine it's 1080P and I'm kind of
blown out and I'm really fuzzy it's
completely dying when we look towards
the lights here if we go around this way
I'm still completely blown out and now
I'm both too dark and blown out
excellent the most disappointing thing
here though is that I don't see any
Windows hello facial recognition or
fingerprint sensors so you need to just
log in like a caveman typing out your
password nine T5 screws later and we are
inside we can see here that
uh
guys look at this look at this fake
vents they're Liars they only have heat
sink right here that explains why we're
hitting 100 even though I thought that
we had a freaking heat sink all the way
across the back anyway there are three
heat pipes here and they do do good
enough of a job and we have a fair bit
of heat sink on the sides and the back
even if it isn't as much as I thought we
had for repairability you can swap out
the Wi-Fi card you can swap out your SSD
although there are no extra SSD slots
and the ram is soldered down so there is
no getting at that we also have a 76w
battery which Acer has been able to
really push to its limits in their eco
mode we able to get 9 hours and 40
minutes away from the wall which is just
exceptional for a laptop like this you
typically see these maybe getting eight
sometimes 6 seven so seeing them be able
to get over 9 and 1/2 hours in this
thing is incredibly impressive now can
it pass our double-sided drive test
check get in here goes
down yep you're all good if you want to
upgrade to a double-sided drive if we
look at our Walmart config for this
right here here it comes in at $1,600
for that 47d and an ultra 7 which is
pretty darn good similarish laptops will
be coming with a 4060 for that kind of a
price but at the same time if you're
willing to spend 2300 more dollars you
will be able to get much better speakers
and like an OLED display if that's
something that you want if you're just
looking for battery life and performance
though this thing's pretty darn good do
you know what also is pretty darn good
you thank you viewer for watching this
hit like get subscribe and just have a
great all day see you later